Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Hi. it's Rick. Saw the movie.
And I gotta say I...
I am going to sue you.
I. I. I. uhhhh-
You told me you wanted to make a documentary about my life
because I had an interesting story to tell.
Well guess what. I'm shutting it down.
I am a lawyer and I'm shutting it down.
Please call me back.
I didn't realize you served.
Who hires you?
You mean fracking?
We're not doing that.
If they smell you it seems like they have the ability.
Hello.
Yeah.
Oh my gosh.
Wait. you're here?
You're here right now?
He will come out when we get out of the car.
Why don't you cancel the press conference?
But you don't have anything.
So what's tonight all about?
Rick. I said I wouldn't do that.
Do you do background checks on all your sources?
We did.
I don't think he's breathing.
So what time is it right now?
The press conference is in 30 minutes.
What's going through your mind right now?
What happened?
How was it seeing Simon?
So you're not going to work with him again?
What is your message?
How long you've been driving for Uber?